Discuss choices of approximate models better in the manual. (#3912)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/manual/manual.tex

the dependence on the compositional fields used in previous sections, though
this dependence can easily be added back into the equations stated below. A
detailed discussion of the approximations introduced below can also be found in \cite{STO01} and
\cite{KLKLZTTK10}; a theoretical and practical comparison of many of
these formulations using \aspect{} can be found in
\cite{gassmoller2020formulations}.

\note{Historically, the mantle convection community has typically used

>   one or another of these simplified models for computer simulations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  one or another of these simplified formulations for computer simulations
```

  -- oftentimes the simplest of them, the Boussinesq Approximation
  (BA) discussed in Section~\ref{sec:Boussinesq}. These kinds of

>   approximations are often appropriate in many contexts; for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  approximations are appropriate in many contexts; for example,
```

  for crustal dynamics simulations, the hydrostatic pressures are
  never high enough to lead to noticeable compression effects and as a
  consequence the density really is more or less independent of the
  pressure -- as assumed in several of the approximations below. Yet,
  it is worth pointing out that many older publications showing
  mantle convection simulations did not
  rely on these approximations because they describe the physical
  situation better than equations
  \eqref{eq:stokes-1}--\eqref{eq:temperature}, but \textit{because
    simulation technology did not allow for anything else at the
    time}.

  This has changed today, and \aspect{} implements more realistic

>   models as discussed in this section and in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  formulations as discussed in this section and in
```

  Section~\ref{sec:choosing-a-formulation}. As a consequence, you

>   should evaluate which formulation and approximation is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should evaluate which formulation is
```

>   appropriate for what you want to do -- just because someone else in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  appropriate for what you want to do. The fact that someone else in
```

Reviewer 2: Somehow this formulation feels less harsh.

>   the past used a simplified model does not mean that you should do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the past used a simplified formulation does not mean that you should do
```

  ``isothermal compression'' for historical reasons, but the compressibility can be
  either isentropic or isothermal.}

\subsection{Choosing a formulation in \aspect{}}
\label{sec:choosing-a-formulation}

After discussing different reasonable approximations for modeling compressible or
incompressible mantle convection, we will now describe the different steps one has
to take to use one of these approximations in a computation. As noted
towards the beginning of Section~\ref{sec:approximate-equations}, one
should choose a formulation that is adequate for the situation one
wants to simulate, taking into account that other authors in previous
studies may have used formulations not because they were suited to the
situation but also because, possibly, they did not have software

> available that allows for more complete models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available that implemented the most suitable formulation.
```
